doc(devops): Explain how to change branch protection rules (#7883)
ZcashFoundation/zebra: book/src/dev/continuous-integration.md

Adding a new Zebra crate automatically adds a new job to build that crate by itself in [ci-build-crates.yml](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/blob/main/.github/workflows/ci-build-crates.yml),
so new crate PRs also need to add a branch protection rule.

#### Admin: Changing Branch Protection Rules

[Zebra repository admins](https://github.com/orgs/ZcashFoundation/teams/zebra-admins) and
[Zcash Foundation organisation owners](https://github.com/orgs/ZcashFoundation/people?query=role%3Aowner)
can add or delete branch protection rules in the Zebra repository.

To change branch protection rules:

Any developer:

0. Run a PR containing the new rule, so its name is available to autocomplete.
1. If the job doesn't run on all PRs, add a patch job with the name of the job.
   If the job calls a reusable workflow, the name is `Caller job / Reusable step`.
   (The name of the job inside the reusable workflow is ignored.)

Admin:

> 2. Go to the [branch protection rule settings](https://github.com/orgs/ZcashFoundation/people?query=role%3Aowner)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Go to the [branch protection rule settings](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/settings/branches)
```
